
To,

Rohit
Ref: LTESPL|APL|04|22
 
Offer-Letter
 

Date: 1-Apr-22


Sub: Offer Letter for the Position of Lead Android Developer

Dear Mr.,

Congratulations on taking a major step in your professional career. The Ethereal Softech Pvt. Ltd. family is looking forward to having you on board soon.
You are joining a clearly differentiated product primed to win the market. Ethereal Softech Pvt. Ltd. is a carrier- agnostic SaaS platform enabling digital logistics for enterprises, globally! Ethereal Softech Pvt. Ltd. is empowering the logistics & distribution wings of enterprises across industries, by breaking down operational silos and enabling multi-enterprise collaboration thus, helping organizations to champion operational efficiency and customer experience.
We’re on an exciting journey to shape a workplace that caters to the needs of the millennial and depth of the experienced. We value innovative, solution oriented, entrepreneurial colleagues. We believe you are certainly one of them and can’t wait for you to start, contributing and growing professionally and personally.
Offer of employment

On behalf of the Company, we are pleased to appoint you on the following terms and conditions-
Position details are as under:
Title: Lead Android Developer
Date of Joining: 17-May-22
Reporting to: Mr. Akarsh Middha

Probation Period: The first 3 months of your appointment to this position is a probationary period. We will review your progress in the position on a regular basis and provide you with regular feedback. We will be in a position to confirm continued employment upon successful completion of the probationary period.

Joining Date: You are required to join on 17-May-22 and the offer stands withdrawn thereafter, unless thedate is extended by us and communicated to you in writing.

Joining formalities: On the day of joining, you are requested to reach at 10am & contact HR representative for completion of your joining formalities. At the time of joining, you are requested to submit the copies of the documents as per Annexure B.

Work Timings and Location: Your normal working hours will be 9 hours a day, Monday to Friday. You may be required to work in shifts or on need basis for longer hours. As informed, your place of posting shall be at Jaipur. However, organization reserves the rights to transfer you, utilize your services in any of the Company’s offices, work sites or associated or affiliated companies located within the country or abroad. Any modification in your working hours or place of work shall be at the discretion of Company which shall be communicated to you by subsequent e-mail and shall be binding on you.

Holidays: You will be entitled to leaves as per the leave policy of the Company.

Confidentiality: As an employee of the Company, you will have access to certain confidential and/or proprietary information, including trade secrets, of the Company and you may, during the course of your employment, conceive or develop certain information or inventions that will be the property of the Company. To protect the interests of the Company, you shall not use or disclose any confidential and/or proprietary information without the prior written consent of Company, except as may be necessary to perform duties as an employee of Company for the benefit of the Company.

Other Terms and Conditions:
By accepting this offer, you also acknowledge and agree that you shall abide by the following terms and conditions, and that such terms and conditions are reasonable:

Background Screening: This offer, and final appointment of employment is contingent upon your successful completion of a background screening and business reference check. The Company shall have the right to terminate your services without notice or payment in lieu of notice, if the information provided by you at the time of interview or as part of your application or resume is found to be false or misrepresented;

Medical Fitness: You need to declare your medical condition if you are suffering from any disease which prevents your fitness for work.

Declaration: This offer letter is being issued on the understanding that all information given by you in the resume /during the interview is true. If it is found at any time that the information given by you is not correct or true or you have knowingly suppressed any information, this offer would stand cancelled.

By signing this letter, you acknowledge and accept this offer of employment along with all terms set forth in this letter.

Employment Agreement will be issued on joining Ethereal Softech Pvt Ltd. Again, welcome, and we look forward to you joining Ethereal Softech Pvt Ltd.



Sincerely,

For Ethereal Softech Private Limited

Monika Thakur HR Manager



ANNEXURE - A

COMPENSATION BREAK-UP

Sr. No.	Components	Monthly	Annual
Fixed Components
1	Basic Pay		
2	HRA		
3	Employer PF		
	Flexi Basket		
4	Employer NPS		
5	LTA - (Annually)		
6	Travel Reimbursement		
7	Telephone & Internet		
8	Books & Periodicals		
9	Meal Vouchers		
10	Gift Pass		
11	Mobile Purchase		
12	Professional Development		
13	Car Lease EMI		
14	Special Allowance		
15	Other Allowance		
	Total Fixed CTC		
			

ANNEXURE – B

JOINING TIME DOCUMENT CHECKLIST

The following checklist indicates the documents that you must submit at the time of joining Ethereal Softech Pvt Ltd..

Originals & photocopies of the following documents should be produced on the date of joining for verification and will be returned, without which joining formalities will be deferred. Any concerns on this, please inform the concerned recruiter.

S. No.	Description

1.	RELIEVING LETTER
If you are joining with prior experience, please submit a
Relieving letter from your three most recent employers- Include your employee number with such previous employer(s).
* If you are submitting a Resignation Acceptance Letter, your date of resignation must be clearly mentioned and accepted by your employer.

2.	SALARY AND DEDUCTIONS*
Your latest salary slips or salary certificate
Form 16 or Taxable Income Statement duly certified by previous employer (Statement showing deductions & Taxable Income with break-up).

* Please carry all the originals for validation.

3.	EDUCATIONAL CERTIFICATES
Matriculation
Higher Secondary
Graduation
Post-Graduation (If any); and
Final mark sheets for the highest degree attained.
3.	PHOTOGRAPH (Three passport size photographs)

4.	IDENTITY PROOF
PAN card copy
Aadhar card copy
Passport copy

5.	
If you have ever changed your name at any point of time, and for any reason whatsoever, Please bring supporting documents for the same.
